1. ` int ` it is an integer type data type which can only store 4 bytes including integer range from -2,147,483,648 to +2,147,483,647 .
2. ` short ` data type to store integer type values from -32,768 to +32,767. "2 bytes"
3. ` long ` data type to store wider range compare to int. "8 bytes"
4. ` long long ` data type to store more wider range compare to long. "8 bytes"
5. ` float ` data type to store decimal values like 5.08 etc. "4 bytes"
6. ` double ` data type to store wider range of decimal values compare to float. "8 bytes"
7. ` string ` data type to store any character. String is not a built-in data type in C++. It is a class in the standard library that can be used to store sequences of characters.
8.  
```
string str;
getline(cin, str);
cout << str;
```
This getline() function code snippet helps to take whole line of strings as input and then print it as output. Whether string data type only takes words without space which means sequence of single characters. And getline() function helps to take all spaces together with string.

*In programming, ==a string is a sequence of characters treated as a single data type, while a character is a single letter, digit, or special symbol==. Characters are enclosed in single quotes, while strings are written in double quotation marks.*

8. ` char ch = 'any character from keyboard';` this character data type to store  single values where as string data type store sequence of characters. "1 byte"
9. ` long double ` data type to store more wider range decimal value than double. "12 bytes"